The
Way from the Tarnation casket Baron this will you cannot stop me Arbenite once the stream is activated the negative feedback will
Rip down well
We have 1.32 minute the fuck is happening are you following any of this? I'm so lost
Causing the Tarnation casket to self-implode
Nothing's impossible with a robot trees your Arbenite our leader Redwood
You're the hot head on the arc our you're our resident super genius
Cypress you're our girl boss boss lady, and I'm ten in balm here to get your rears in gear
Did he seriously introduce each character? This is the ninth movie die ten and bomb you suck guys you're talking over the whole ending
Your day of reckoning will soon be
That's
Literally holding a gun robo trees. Let's go home. Yeah, I need a bath
I don't know what to do with these feelings Jerry this used to be my favorite franchise maybe it's time to like something else
I want to talk to the manager
You in charge yeah, I'm James Gunn
Bradley Cooper carved that desk what was up with that last maximum velocity you didn't like it. I thought it was great
You're ruining my childhood. We're just still ongoing stop eating up screen time with stupid comic relief characters
I put more cool shit in the story
Guys, I'm a fan too. Why do you think Warner Brothers put me behind that desk you know owe me?
So you could pitch Batman ideas to yourself exactly and you know what I've learned making movies isn't easy
The next maximum velocity movie has been rewritten 40 times 30 by me now
We'll spend five years and a half a billion making it
But in the end know what will make fans like you like it a fucking miracle
No, what the next maximum velocity film needs is us. I'd like to see you
Broken franchise good luck doing anything with that
I'll get it over
I
Know this script is pretty good
Whoa, what's that?
Movie Lizer it makes movies at the speed of thought I invented it during the title sequence. Let's see what James Gunn had cooking
For the honor of the Robo tree time to die
Yikes citizen Kane doesn't strike again. Oh, he will the movie Lizer uses a prompt driven CPU
I just type whatever tweaks I want and it ono generates the rest. Hell. Yeah
Make it look that bad guy parents this one hasn't been cool since the third movie. Let's kill two birds with one prompt
Do we meet again?
They hate him watch this I
Sent you to laugh in prison for unlicensed
Some other stuff you're messing with important fuck the fuck off Jerry formula driven save the cat bullshit
Is what killed the last couple of movies? That's right Morty
We're gonna make the people care about the Robo trees again movie Lizer make us care
Oh
Shit
We're characters in the movie now Morty
Are you guys okay? I mean I can see you're being shot at
Is the machine supposed to work like this no the movie Lizer malfunctioned now the Robo trees are trying to kill us really
Let me try something
What the hell is this 2007 Kia Spectra? I thought you could use a cool getaway car. Are you kidding me?
This joke's on you Edmunds car report gave it three stars. It's a family sedan
How are we gonna get out of here the movie Lizer might eject us once the story is over Jerry tight that we skipped to the end and everything works out
I don't think I can guys it says the script is 3,000 pages and counting also
There's an error thing bleeping that says antagonists not found and no third act without an ending you'll be stuck in the movie forever
What you cut a bunch of stuff out willy-nilly. What did you expect? Look? I understand story
Let me just put everything back that you took out a stop
You'll only make things worse. You're a terrible writer and you should never ever get on the keys
Well, excuse me for living. All right. We killed the villain gotta undo that didn't they use lightning to bring George Washington back to life and maximum
Thanks
the machine doesn't hate that see this is going to work
We'll bring that parent thistle and give the stupid thing and ending
Okay, all we need now is a little lightning
Look out, Bobby!
Dude, I just brought him back.
Fucker, beat you.
Wait! The movie-lizer is detecting a new antagonist.
I don't see any...
Guys, this new character has given you a 20.5% better chance of ending the movie.
But I am in pain!
So we're back on course? Sort of.
You still need a third act.
In the original draft, Baron Thistle was gonna kill Tannenbaum in front of the Robo trees.
Huh, that would have been cool ending.
Maybe SON of Thistle could finish what his father started?
Hmm, you DO kinda look like him.
You want ME to kill Tannenbaum?
Whatever works.
Okay, I'll break Tannenbaum out of jail, reunite him with the Robo trees, and then Morty will kill him.
Does the machine recognize that as an ending?
Hold on.
It does! Kind of bleak, though.
Shut up! I'm off to a jailbreak.
What the hell am I supposed to do?
You're the new bad guy. Hook up with the henchweeds and give the Robo trees something to stop.
Something to stop? What's that mean?
See you in the third act!
Extra creatine, please.
Yo, James Gunn!
Oh, hi, Zack Snyder.
Just saw your new cut of Superman and word of advice.
He's the man of steel, not the man of conversation.
Okay.
Do more shots of him punching, and here is a secret move.
Start the punch at regular speed, and then you're gonna ramp it down.
It's not a fucking secret!
I'm sorry, Zack Snyder.
I shouldn't be lashing out at you. Your biceps are the size of my head.
Yes, but so is my heart.
What's going on with you?
Some fan of the Velocitree franchise got into the lot today.
He used a portal, and he just...
Zack, we're not losing touch with the audience, are we?
I mean, I gave notes on the goddamn Count Chocula movie this morning.
Was the portal green?
That's Rick Sanchez, huh?
Gunner.
That's the guy that sealed Nolan in the giant bookcase
to quote-unquote punish him for interstellar.
He doesn't represent real fans.
He's just the smartest man in the universe.
Don't sweat it.
He can't do what we do.
Probably.
Gonna go crush some weights.
One day you're gonna wish you hit the gym like I do, James Gunn.
Uh, hello? Is this Farron Thistle's evil base?
Not anymore. We're packing it in.
Gonna try to sell all this stuff on my girlfriend's Etsy site.
Everyone, listen up!
I'm here to get this place back up and running.
I am the son of Thistle!
He does sorta have the same jacket.
And his head is also a cactus!
That's all the proof!
Tell us what to do!
Uh, well, what were y'all doing before Baron Thistle died?
Oh, uh, you know, doomsday plan.
We were gonna melt the ice caps,
spent months in the blueprints,
not that your dad ever said thank you.
What's your name?
Samantha.
It sucks when your boss never says thank you, Samantha.
But under me, everyone will feel appreciated.
Samantha, I am putting you in charge of operation complete
and total control.
Oh, thank you, sir.
I've been feeling so low lately.
I think it's because my mom forgot my birthday.
Samantha, that will never happen again.
I'm your mom now.
Now let's melt some ice caps!
See? My son of Thistle idea did work.
Son of a bitch did it.
He made a movie machine.
Says it right on the side.
I'm gonna go get him.
I'm gonna get him.
He made a movie machine.
Says it right on the side.
Hello?
Hi there. It's me, your wife.
Here's your prison food, new guy.
What you in for?
The fastest crime I could commit.
Any of you see an annoying little bitch of a Christmas tree?
Oh, please. Oh, please don't beat me.
I won't. I'm here to rescue you.
I'm not worth rescuing.
Huh?
I suck. I say dumb catchphrases.
I look like a toy designed for kids.
I'm a fucking idiot.
Wow, more self-aware than I thought.
But come on, everyone sucks until they don't.
That's the arc of every good story.
It is?
Here's the plan. I'll start a riot and we sneak out.
I know you're not a fighter, but...
When do we start?
Oh, uh, right now?
Good.
Kick that back, asshole!
I'll take it back when I stop fucking your mother!
Yeah!
Stay some punching for the rest of us!
Ah!
Let's just ruin it!
Woo!
Cool.
Yeah, you're fucking weird and gear!
I really miss you. I miss my hobby.
Why don't you come into the kitchen?
Sure, but why are you calling from a different phone number?
Oh, it's a burner phone for spam calls.
Come into the kitchen for some lemonade.
Oh, wow. Can't pass up lemonade.
Ha ha ha!
The movie-lizer is mine.
No one's more creative than James Gunn.
Ha ha ha ha!
God damn it, we're stuck.
No we're not, Rick!
Grab my stump!
Yeah!
Holy shit! That was awesome!
And so is that!
God well done!
Thanks to Squirrels, you're safe.
Thank Rick Sanchez. He did everything.
You did a lot too. Definitely more than I expected.
Rick, I want to thank you for rescuing me.
Here, I want you to have this. It's a piece of me.
Oh, thanks. Is this like one of your balls?
Robo trees! Something messed up is going viral all over Twit Talk!
Hello, Earth. I'm the son of thistle.
And I'm just like my dad, so I'm a doomsdayin'.
Send me up to tell the people what we're gonna do.
We're gonna wipe out the polar ice caps, cause they suck!
Ha, does the movie-lizer still think we're on track?
Jerry?
Jerry!
It's fuckin' happy!
Should've listened to Snyder.
Right on cue.
Wheeze, attack!
Robo trees, let's stop that prick!
What the hell is tenon bomb?
Dude, where is he?
He's on the ship. Turns out tenon bomb's an alright guy.
He's kinda my favorite character now.
What? Look at me! I'm a fuckin' cactus!
Relax. Trust the process.
Oh my god, you're re-breaking the story again?
I wanna go home!
And I didn't even think the last maximum velocity tree was all that bad!
You said it wasn't Citizen Kane!
I'm 14! I've never seen Citizen Kane!
Now listen to me, you stupid old man!
You're gonna bring tenon bomb here, and I'm gonna shoot him in the goddamn head
just like we planned!
Okay, okay, I'll help you kill him.
Uh, you're gonna do what?
Mom, you're in cahoots with the Robo trees!
Samantha, let me explain.
Okay, go ahead.
Shit, she caught my bluff! Run!
Get that!
Dad, help!
Your dad's not fucking answering!
That's because he's in the kitchen, talking to his wife.
James Gunn!
That's right!
Just walk away, man. Walk away.
But...
I read that dinosaur book you wrote, Jerry. Really good stuff.
You did?
Well, I got the gist. Maybe we could do business together.
Two picture deals.
Dad, no!
Don't do it! We need you!
That's it, Jerry. Given to Hollywood, you know how to really succeed in this town?
By turning your back on family.
I don't like that.
No! You could have had it all!
Guys, I'm back.
Jeez, Louise, what did you do? The story's gone linear!
We pissed off the good guys and the bad guys!
Rick likes Tannenbaum now!
I just think he's interesting.
We need a new ending!
It literally wrote us into a corner. You gotta write us out of here, Jerry.
Me?
You said I was a terrible writer who should never, ever, ever, ever...
I didn't say that many ever's. Listen, Jerry.
Any idiot can plug an idea into a machine when they don't care what it spits back out.
But it takes a special kind of idiot to get on the keys and write us an ending.
You're that idiot!
But how?
It's always been right in front of you. Go over to my workbench.
Uh, alright. I'm there.
Open the third drawer on the right and reach way back. There should be a small orange bottle.
What is it? Some sci-fi device?
Better. It's magic. Don't take more than two, drink lots of water and remember to blink.
I now pronounce you two both guilty and dead.
Oh, jeez! Dad, help!
Then, as fate would have it, a very large air vent opened beneath it.
Our heroes escaped execution via the large vent and air vent.
As fate would have it, this is a direct path to the outside.
Slam cut to exterior New York day.
New York? Why are we in New York?
Stop micromanaging me!
Then, as fate would have it, a high-octane Lamborghini pulls out.
Oopsie!
Forgot how to drive. Here, kid. Catch!
The Adderall is hitting the car!
Okay, Jerry. Now get us to the climax.
Uh, Nerth Bowl?
That's worse than man-thin' but the super weapon!
Dad's trying to get us back on course?
Hey, you're not gonna get us back on course?
No, I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm just gonna get you.
I'm not
I'm not.
I'm not!
Yeah, he's hitting the car.
Well, yeah, you're not.
Come on.
Back off course.
We have 1.63 minutes before the melting polar ice caps reach the point of no return.
We got company!
Stop that traitor!
Shit, Morty.
I think I figured out the best ending yet.
Hello, mother.
You deal with that.
I don't know what that's about.
Come and get me, trees!
Samantha, hey!
Beautiful job on the weapon thing.
I thought you actually liked my evil plan.
But let's face it, you're no mother.
You're just a bad guy.
Step away from that super weapon.
Let's blast him!
For once, I agree with you.
Stop!
Don't shoot!
He's a good guy.
He saved me.
No, I'm bad.
I only rescued you so I could have you killed.
I hate you, Tan and Baum!
You look like a toy!
Die already!
Gun!
See you next summer.
Wait!
No!
You saved the world from another unarmed man.
Oh, no!
They died?
Sometimes saving the world requires complex decisions.
Decisions made by a true leader.
Spale Tanded Knight, leader of the robo-trees.
They did it!
What an ending!
They outgun the gun!
We're back!
Oh, my God!
We were dead in the movie!
Actually dead!
Wow, dead!
Looks like us dying really affected you.
No, he just forgot to blink.
Still, I admit it.
Making movies is hard.
From now on, I'm just going to be an impossible-to-please fan.
You said it!
Let's go troll some comment sections.
Oh, God.
Where did James Gunn go?
Fuck James Gunn!
Where's the goddamn hard drive?
I'm telling you, Mr. Brothers, they cracked the code.
This won't just put butts in seeds and sell popcorn.
It will give people hope.
It could save Hollywood.
It could change everything.
Nice work, Mr. Gunn.
Give the man a Sunday.
Oh, I love Sundays.
Why was it called a Sunday?
It's a maximum velocity.
Robotics trees against adversity.
Smart rocket science, sergiometry.
So sit on back and watch the movie.
Five trees against a cactus, man.
Next summer, we'll be back again.
Gotta fill our content demand.
If domestic tanks, there's always Japan.
All we need is friendship and sunshine,
Choken on a wild bang.
No one stops us growing from the ground up.
Baron Thistle and his hen shweez,
Looking like some bad seeds.
Now velocities are gonna round up.
They have a tendency to fight tyrannic succulents.
They have a tendency for kicking plant-ass.
It's a maximum velocity.
Okay, Jerry, all set.
But for the record, I do not condone
using the movie-lizer in this way.
You're that sad? You're good to go.
Can't believe I'm actually inside Space Jam 7.
Oh, hey, LeBron. Still doing this, huh?
Let's get out of here.
Hey, guys. You know how I've been writing
Raptor porn on this side?
I'm ready to share it with the world.
What?
Oh, well, guess I'll just leave it on this machine
till they come back.
Guys, you still there?
Oh, no. Dear God, what is that?
Oh, stop! Look out of here!
What are you doing? Stop!
Don't just stand there speeding up.
I'll just do something!
Yeah!
Did you get any of that?